README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">AwesomeSciBo</h1>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/network"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/CQCumbers/ScibowlDB"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/API-ScibowlDB-blue?style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/adawesomeguy/awscibo"><img src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/adawesomeguy/awscibo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<!--[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/network)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/issues)
[![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-ScibowlDB-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/CQCumbers/ScibowlDB)-->

<p align="center">A simple Discord bot that automatically generates Science Bowl rounds using the ScibowlDB API!</p>

## Deployment
Deploying this bot to your Discord server is relatively simple: you can add it to your own server by using [this link](http://scibot.adawesome.tech/).

## Contributing
Please see [the wiki](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/wiki/contributing) contributing page.


## Installation
Please see [the wiki](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/wiki/installation) install page.

## Usage
To get started, run the command `do be helping` to get a list of commands. The more helpful commands will be the ones that generate packets, which are `do be roundgen pdf/html` and `do be roundgen pdf/html dm`. Another command of the bot is generating random questions to solve which can be done by `do be training` or `do be training [subject]`. A cross-server leaderboard is available with the command `do be top`. 

> Note: if you plan to use PDF files, you must have `gotenberg` installed and running at `localhost:3136` (or change the `awesomescibo.mjs` script to point to a different location). You can find more info about that [here](https://github.com/thecodingmachine/gotenberg).

## Notes
### Creating a Discord Application/Bot
To create your own application and bot using the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers), go to the previous link and sign in. Then create a new application, and click bots on the left. Configure it to your liking, and then copy the token.

   ![](images/discord-developer.png)

That's the most important part of your bot *and don't share it with anyone*.

## Credit
The bot was made by [@ADawesomeguy](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy). However, the API was made by [@CQCumbers](https://github.com/CQCumbers). Go give [his API](https://github.com/CQCumbers/ScibowlDB) a star, he totally deserves it!

Commit message:

Fix usage description
AwesomeSciBo no longer uses text commands but now slash commands

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">AwesomeSciBo</h1>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/network"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/CQCumbers/ScibowlDB"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/API-ScibowlDB-blue?style=for-the-badge"></a>
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/adawesomeguy/awscibo"><img src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/adawesomeguy/awscibo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<!--[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/network)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/issues)
[![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-ScibowlDB-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/CQCumbers/ScibowlDB)-->

<p align="center">A simple Discord bot that automatically generates Science Bowl rounds using the ScibowlDB API!</p>

## Deployment
Deploying this bot to your Discord server is relatively simple: you can add it to your own server by using [this link](http://scibot.adawesome.tech/).

## Contributing
Please see [the wiki](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/wiki/contributing) contributing page.


## Installation
Please see [the wiki](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy/AwesomeSciBo/wiki/installation) install page.

## Usage
This bot uses slash commands now :). You can just click on the bot icon after typing `/` to see a list of commands.

## Notes
### Creating a Discord Application/Bot
To create your own application and bot using the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers), go to the previous link and sign in. Then create a new application, and click bots on the left. Configure it to your liking, and then copy the token.

   ![](images/discord-developer.png)

That's the most important part of your bot *and don't share it with anyone*.

## Credit
The bot was made by [@ADawesomeguy](https://github.com/ADawesomeguy). However, the API was made by [@CQCumbers](https://github.com/CQCumbers). Go give [his API](https://github.com/CQCumbers/ScibowlDB) a star, he totally deserves it!
